I want an orchestrator tool that receives a user query append history applies azure guardrails and then   decides to which component to use from a sentiment; summarizations; or drawing tools 
I want the tools to be in red and the classificatory in green


User selects Login within application.
Auth0's SDK redirects user to Auth0 Authorization Server (/authorize endpoint).
Auth0 Authorization Server redirects user to login and authorization prompt.
User authenticates using one of the configured login options, and may see a consent prompt listing the permissions Auth0 will give to the application.
Auth0 Authorization Server redirects user back to application with single-use authorization code.
Auth0's SDK sends authorization code, application's client ID, and application's credentials, such as client secret or Private Key JWT, to Auth0 Authorization Server (/oauth/token endpoint).
Auth0 Authorization Server verifies authorization code, application's client ID, and application's credentials.
Auth0 Authorization Server responds with an ID token and access token (and optionally, a refresh token).
Application can use the access token to call an API to access information about the user.
API responds with requested data.

Cloud architecture for a marketplace for freelance developers to find work. Allow authentication via GitHub and LinkedIn. Use machine learning to recommend listings. Use React for the frontend, Vercel for deployment. Use a graph database to store user activities, use a SQL database for job listings. Allow payments to be directly made on the platform via Stripe. Use AWS infrastructure where applicable.

Data model for Twitter that includes users, followers, DMs, likes, bookmarks, retweets, tweets, lists


A flow to onboard doctors to an appointment scheduling app:
- Get practice locations. If more than 4 locations, add to Salesforce and continue. If more than 6 doctors, add to Salesforce, and continue.
- If taking video calls, ask if authorized in Wyoming. If so, show WY Special Questionnaire. If not, finish onboarding